Tell Nelson exactly
what I told you to say.
If you put
John Bailey-Brown onto that train.
he is not coming off again.
That's state-sanctioned murder.
I'm not saying we put him on the train.
I'm saying we start the process.
Gain some time.
Tell him.
The BFV have agreed
to hand over John Bailey-Brown
as long as it's done discreetly.
Have him collected immediately
from the safe house.
Good. And what do we tell him?
You tell him nothing. Just get him moving.
But Sam will want to know
where it's going to happen.
Yes.
Mr. Diehl. identify somewhere suitable
for the handover.
Somewhere... discreet.
Yo.
Are you alright?
I'm fine.
Doesn't look fine.
It's nothing. just a scratch.
Wait there.
- Honestly. leave it. please.
- It's all good.
Hey. this is Timo.
Please leave a message after the beep.
Bergmannstrasse.
That's the location.
Bergmannstrasse?
What station is that?
Bergmannstrasse is a ghost station.
An abandoned stop on the U6.
No cameras. No passengers.
No witnesses.
This is where to bring John Bailey-Brown
if you really are planning
to hand him over.
Let's just get him there first.
And these are all the feeds from
the U5 platforms between 9:00 and 9:45?
Yes.
You know. I always thought
I'd make a good detective.
I watch that show
where the guy always goes...
Right?
Basically this cop shit is easy. right?
Come with me.
Where to?
To the U-Bahn.
The prisoner is on the move.
Copy that.
Bundespolizei are arriving shortly.
Murnau is pulling in now...
Get the prisoner in the car!
Then head directly to Bergmannstrasse.
Move!
I'm pretty fast as well.
I know it doesn't look like it.
but I can run pretty good.
- Sorry. what's your name again?
- Leon.
Leon. Can you please...
- Yes. sorry.
- Thank you.
But being fast is important. right?
This is not a joke.
Okay?
I'm sorry. but I'm trying to concentrate.
Thank you.
Hey. Hey!